Remove misspelling and change phrasing in a java log doc (#4300)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/java.md

**To send your logs to Datadog, we recommend logging to a file and then tailing that file with your Datadog Agent.**

> We also strongly encourage you to setup your logging libraries to produce your logs in JSON format to avoid the need for [custom parsing rules][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog strongly recommends setting up your logging libraries to produce your logs in JSON format to avoid the need for [custom parsing rules][2].
```
